docs: fix model sharing file names (#5855)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/model_sharing.rst

- a `tf_model.h5` file, which is the TensorFlow checkpoint (unless you can't have it for some reason) ;
- a `special_tokens_map.json`, which is part of your :doc:`tokenizer <main_classes/tokenizer>` save;
- a `tokenizer_config.json`, which is part of your :doc:`tokenizer <main_classes/tokenizer>` save;

> - a `vocab.json`, which is the vocabulary of your tokenizer, part of your :doc:`tokenizer <main_classes/tokenizer>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- files named `vocab.json`, `merges.txt`, `vocab.txt`, or similar, which contain the vocabulary of your tokenizer, part of your :doc:`tokenizer <main_classes/tokenizer>`

```
